docs: update next-dev README to include link to available binding types (#633)
cloudflare/next-on-pages: internal-packages/next-dev/README.md

}
```

> > View [this file](https://github.com/cloudflare/next-on-pages/blob/main/internal-packages/next-dev/src/index.ts#L31-L60) for a list of available binding types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> View [these types](https://github.com/cloudflare/next-on-pages/blob/main/internal-packages/next-dev/src/index.ts#L31-L60) for a list of available binding types.
```

or something along those lines as user should not care about the whole file no? 🤔
